readme.md, before:

# INTRODUCTION

A Social Network dedicated to Hackerspace. A Mix between Meetup, Github and Instructable
Done with MeteorJS & Material Lite Design 

Design : Andrea Carlon
Development : Gregoire THIEBAULT

# TODO

### FUNCTIONALITIES

- [X] Project edition when user created
- [X] Redirection when project edited/created
- [X] News creation linked to a project
- [X] News edition when user created
- [X] Delete project if owner
- [X] Delete news if owner
- [X] Listing members page
- [X] Profile edition page
- [X] Profile page with informations user
- [X] Homepage aggregate latest news 
- [X] Homepage aggregate new project
- [X] Homepage aggregate new member
- [X] [USER] Creating a profile picture
- [ ] [PROJECT] Do nothing when the project is updated
- [ ] [HOMEPAGE] Outputing image fields in the listing
- [ ] [HOMEPAGE] MDL design templating
- [ ] [PROJECT] MDL design templating
- [ ] [PEOPLE] Get projects + News from creation date and create the update
- [ ] [PEOPLE] MDL design templating
- [ ] [PROJECT] MDL design templating
- [ ] [PROJECT] Join/Leave a project
- [ ] [PROFILE] Get all the project + news + join updates of the user

### DESIGN

- [ ] Integrate MLD

### OTHER

- [X] Create a github

Commit message:

[PROJECT] Dont update the CreatedAt when a project field is updated

readme.md, after:

# INTRODUCTION

A Social Network dedicated to Hackerspace. A Mix between Meetup, Github and Instructable
Done with MeteorJS & Material Lite Design 

Design : Andrea Carlon
Development : Gregoire THIEBAULT

# TODO

### FUNCTIONALITIES

- [X] Project edition when user created
- [X] Redirection when project edited/created
- [X] News creation linked to a project
- [X] News edition when user created
- [X] Delete project if owner
- [X] Delete news if owner
- [X] Listing members page
- [X] Profile edition page
- [X] Profile page with informations user
- [X] Homepage aggregate latest news 
- [X] Homepage aggregate new project
- [X] Homepage aggregate new member
- [X] [USER] Creating a profile picture
- [x] [PROJECT] Dont update the CreatedAt when a project field is updated
- [ ] [HOMEPAGE] Outputing image fields in the listing
- [ ] [HOMEPAGE] MDL design templating
- [ ] [PROJECT] MDL design templating
- [ ] [PEOPLE] Get projects + News from creation date and create the update
- [ ] [PEOPLE] MDL design templating
- [ ] [PROJECT] MDL design templating
- [ ] [PROJECT] Join/Leave a project
- [ ] [PROFILE] Get all the project + news + join updates of the user

### DESIGN

- [ ] Integrate MLD

### OTHER

- [X] Create a github
